com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/Statistique.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.Statistique
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/MainActivity.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.MainActivity
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.MainActivity$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.MainActivity$2
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/MonFileProvider.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.MonFileProvider
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/accountActivity.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.accountActivity
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/SignInFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.SignInFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/MessageFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$2$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$2$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$3
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$4
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$4$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$4$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$5
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$5$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$5$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$6
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$6$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.MessageFragment$6$2
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/AddAnnonceActivity.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AddAnnonceActivity
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AddAnnonceActivity$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AddAnnonceActivity$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AddAnnonceActivity$3
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/DataCategorie.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.DataCategorie
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/StatsFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.StatsFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/CustomToast.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.CustomToast
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/Categorie.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.Categorie
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/SignUpFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.SignUpFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.BuildConfig
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/Annonce.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.Annonce
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/AccueilFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.AccueilFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/AccountFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.AccountFragment
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.AccountFragment$1
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/SearchableActivity.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.SearchableActivity
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/Image.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.Image
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/FavFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.FavFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/AnnonceRoom.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AnnonceRoom
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/Compte.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.Compte
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/AnnonceFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.AnnonceFragment
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/ClassFirestore/MoyenDePaiement.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.ClassFirestore.MoyenDePaiement
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/AdapterCategorie.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AdapterCategorie
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.AdapterCategorie$CategorieHolder
com/example/lebonpetitcoin/Fragments/ParametresFragment.java
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$1
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$10
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$11
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$12
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$2
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$3
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$4
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$5
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$6
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$7
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$8
 com.example.lebonpetitcoin.Fragments.ParametresFragment$9
